---
title: "个人周刊第一期"
date: 2022-03-25T14:42:27-05:00
author: KJY
slug: xxxx
draft: false
toc: true
categories:
  - news
tags:
  - article
---

# R语言

[R语言面向对象编程 (dataxujing.github.io)](https://dataxujing.github.io/R_oop/)

> S4对象系统具有明显的结构化特征，更适合面向对象的程序设计。Bioconductor社区以S4对象作为基础框架，只接受S4定义的R包。

[Modern R with the tidyverse (b-rodrigues.github.io)](https://b-rodrigues.github.io/modern_R/)

>This book is the result of years of using and teaching R at university and then at my jobs. During my university time, I wrote some notes to help me teach R and which I shared with my students. These are still the basis of Chapter 2. Then, once I had left university, and continued using R at my first “real” job, I wrote another book that dealt mostly with package development and functional programming. This book is now merged to this one and is the basis of Chapters 9 and 10. During these years at my first job, I was also tasked with teaching R. By that time, I was already quite familiar with the `{tidyverse}` so I wrote a lot of notes that were internal and adapted for the audience of my first job. These are now the basis of Chapters 3 to 8. Then, during all these years, I kept blogging about R, and reading blogs and further books. All this knowledge is condensed here, so if you are familiar with my blog, you’ll definitely recognize a lot of my blog posts in here. So this book is first and foremost for me, because I need to write all of this down in a central place. So because my target audience is myself, this book is free. If you find it useful, and are in the mood of buying me a coffee, you can, but if this book is not useful to you, no harm done (unless you paid for it before reading it, in which case, I am sorry to have wasted your time). But I am quite sure you’ll find some of the things written here useful, regardless of your current experience level with R.

# 生活

[Honey - 自动帮你找 Coupons 的购物神器【08/02 更新：支持 PayPal 提现了】 - 北美羊毛快报 (usdailyrewards.com)](https://usdailyrewards.com/honey-review/#i-4)

Honey还能让您轻松获得产品的降价信息。在Amazon、Overstock、Target、Walmart、J.Crew、Saks Fifth Avenue、QVC、 Loft、 Kohl's、Best Buy、 速卖通（AliExpress）网站购物时，您可以添加商品到您的Honey列表，并选择最佳心理价位和跟踪时长。当商品价格低于设定值时，您会收到降价提醒。

